It fell off. It fell off.
What? How?
breaking news
International financial luck surprise Hong Kong stocks short
The Hang Seng Index is falling rapidly
The Asian financial crisis has triggered a chain reaction
Hong Kong stocks plummeted
Oh, what about my money?
What should I do with my money?
Did you save money for a long time?
Shut the fuck up
Fucking lost 2 million
You lost tens of thousands of dollars, why are you crying?
It's down.
Chen Feng, how did you do it?
This is amazing
Nothing.
That is, watch more international news at ordinary times
With a little bit of luck
How is that luck?
You just made a full 20 million
Already the largest customer in our industry
Isn't this the general manager of Guangda Certificate engaged in Guangda?
Brother Liu Brother Liu
Isn't your uncle the general manager?
Isn't he the general manager of the above group?
Don't worry, my uncle's symphony with him
He will definitely help me
Mr. Gao
My uncle is the general manager of a Hong Kong listed group
Please help me.
free
Your company in Hong Kong has gone bankrupt.
Hello, Mr. Zhang.